Clarify AWS lambda processor documentation (#11972)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _data-prepper/pipelines/configuration/processors/aws-lambda.md

- `true`: Lambda returns a JSON array with results for each batched event. Data Prepper maps this array back to its corresponding original event, ensuring that each event in the batch gets the corresponding part of the response from the array.
- `false`: Lambda returns one or more events for the entire batch. Response events are not correlated with the original events. Original event metadata is not preserved in the response events. For example, when `response_events_match` is set to `true`, the Lambda function is expected to return the same number of response events as the number of original requests, maintaining the original order.

## Lambda function implementation

> When Data Prepper invokes your Lambda function with batched events, the function receives a JSON object with events grouped under the configured `key_name` (default: `"events"`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Data Prepper invokes your Lambda function it sends a JSON object with events grouped under the configured `key_name` (default: `"events"`).
```
